the receiver on the 100 series I talked
about the scanner they look at the menu
system in here there's a bank well each
receiver throughout the series have
eight banks and eight of those banks
have pre-programmed pre coordinated
frequencies and in the 100 series each
Bank Bank one would have four
pre-programmed frequencies that you know
work together the benefit of that is
that if you have four channels of
wireless systems and you scan your
receiver and there comes up with Bank 1
it's going to you'll know that if I use
4 of those frequencies in bank 1 they're
going to work together and I don't have
to worry about interference within
themselves so it makes it very easy to
do a quick setup when you go up to a 300
series or a 500 series you get more
pre-programmed frequencies in the 300
series in one bank I would get 8
pre-programmed frequencies so if you're
doing a larger set up it makes it very
very easy to set up a channels going
into the menu as well I can set up the
channel that's the the channel within
the bank I can tune it though to any of
the 1,400 frequencies if I don't want to
stick to the pre-programmed frequencies
I can also scan and we talked about that
and then AF output that's German code
for audio output AF but we can set up
our free audio output as well and
remember what I said
set up your transmitter first nice hot
level then let's set up a receiver level
output going to your mixing board
squelch now there is a squelch setting
on here and that tells the receiver when
to open up and accept the transmitter
signal coming from my transmitter we can
set that though to off if we want or at
a lower setting and then the display do
I I can name the display as well or I
can have it to show me the frequency and
a reset button now the pilot tone is a
unique feature that we have the
transmitter sends a sub coded frequency
to the receiver telling it that I am the
transmitter you want to hear so please
open up to the receiver out to my
transmit to my transmission if it
doesn't see that coded signal it
turns off it shuts down squelch and does
not let any other frequency come into
the receiver it's very handy in case the
transmitter does go off and you have a
live PA system going on as soon as that
transmitter goes off boom it shuts down
that receiver and you don't have that
that comes across and goes through your
PA system very very beneficial many a
mixer will lose their job because of
that happening I blow the speakers blow
someone's hearing etc so very beneficial
to have that pilot tone transmitter and
in there